---
lab:
    title: 'Lab: Configure Customer Service Insights'
    module: 'Module 8: Customer Service Insights'
---

# Practice Lab 12 – Customer Service Insights

## Scenario

You are a customer service manager at City Power & Light who has been tasked with improving performance with the CUstomer Service Insights functionality.

## Exercise 1: Configure Topic Settings

In this exercise you will learn how to enable Customer Service Insights. These steps should be performed by the instructor at least 24 hours before this lab.

### Task 1: Enable Customer Service Insights

1.  Open the **Customer Service Hub** app.

2.  Click on **Home** at the top of the left-hand side navigation.

3.  Click on **Service** at the bottom of the **Site Map** in the left-hand navigation and select **Service Management**.

4.  Click on **Settings** for **Insights** section.

5.  Click on **Manage** for **Customer Service historical analytics**.

6.  Toggle **Status** to **Enabled**.

7.  Click **Save & CLose**

8.  Click on **Manage** for **Knowledge search analytics**.

9.  Toggle **Status** to **Enabled**.

10. Click **Save & CLose**

## Exercise 2: Configure Topic clustering for case settings

In this exercise you will learn how to manage topic clustering.

### Task 1: Configure how topics are grouped

1.  Open the **Customer Service Hub** app.

2.  Click on **Home** at the top of the left-hand side navigation.

3.  Click on **Service** at the bottom of the **Site Map** in the left-hand navigation and select **Service Management**.

4.  Click on **Settings** in the **Insights** section.

5.  Click on **Manage** for **Topic clustering for case**.

6.  In **Phrases to ignore** enter **[your prefix ex. mollyc]** and click **Save & close**

## Exercise 3: Review Customer Service Insights reports

In this exercise you will learn how to use the reports generated by Customer Service Insights.

### Task 1: Configure how topics are grouped

1.  Open the **Customer Service Hub** app.

2.  Click on **Home** at the top of the left-hand side navigation.

3.  Click on **Customer Service historical analytics** in the **Insights** section. If the Insights section is not visible, you will need to wait 24 hours for Customer Service Insights to run.

4.  Exam the KPIs and tables in the **Summary** tab.

5.  Select the **Agent** tab.

6.  Exam the KPIs and tables in the **Agent** tab.

7.  Filter **Agent** by your user.

8.  Under **Agent metrics**, select the **Avg resolve time** value and click on **Details**.

9.  Select the **Topics** tab.

10.  Exam the KPIs and tables in the **Topics** tab.
