---
lab:
    title: 'Lab: Configure Customer Service Insights'
    module: 'Module 8: Customer Service Insights'
---

# Practice Lab 12 – Customer Service Insights

## Scenario

You are a customer service manager at City Power & Light who has been tasked with improving performance with the CUstomer Service Insights functionality.

## Exercise 1: Configure Topic Settings

In this exercise you will learn how to enable Customer Service Insights. These steps should be performed by the instructor at least 24 hours before this lab.

### Task 1: Enable Customer Service Insights

1.  Open the **Customer Service admin center** app.

2.  Under **Operations,** select **Insights.**

3.  Click on **Manage** for **Customer Service historical analytics**.

4.  Under **Enable Customer Service historical analytics report**, switch the toggle to **On** if it is not already.

5.  Click **Save & Close**.

8.  Click on **Manage** for **Knowledge analytics**.

9.  Under **Enable Knowledge analytics**, switch the toggle to **On** if it is not already.

10. Click **Save & Close**.

## Exercise 2: Configure Topic clustering for case settings

In this exercise you will learn how to manage topic clustering.

### Task 1: Configure how topics are grouped

1.  Return to the **Insights** tab.

5.  Click on **Manage** for **Topics clustering for cases**.

6.  In **Phrases to ignore** enter a prefix (example, **mollyc**) and click **Save & close.**

## Exercise 3: Review Customer Service Insights reports

In this exercise you will learn how to use the reports generated by Customer Service Insights.

### Task 1: Configure how topics are grouped

1.  Open the **Customer Service Hub** app.

2.  Click on **Home** at the top of the left-hand side navigation.

3.  Click on **Customer Service historical analytics** in the **Insights** section. If the Insights section is not visible, you will need to wait 24 hours for Customer Service Insights to run.

4.  Examine the KPIs and tables in the **Summary** tab.

5.  Select the **Agent** tab.

6.  Exam the KPIs and tables in the **Agent** tab.

7.  Filter **Agent** by any particular user. 

8.  Under **Agent metrics**, select the **Avg. resolve time (hrs)** value and click on **Details**.

9.  Select the **Topics** tab.

10.  Exam the KPIs and tables in the **Topics** tab.
